Description

I made this mod because devs putting in unnecessary button prompts is the continuing bane of my existence.

Dawnwalker puts a button prompt in front of a lot of small scenes. AutoQTE presses it for you.

The scene is not skipped and nothing is faked. The mod calls the game's own CompleteCurrentPrompt - the same function your keypress calls - so the scene ends in the Completed state and every quest node downstream sees exactly what it expects.

What it deliberately leaves alone

Combat, parries, finishers, hold-to-interact, and blood drinking. Voracious Bite especially: how long you hold decides whether the victim lives or dies, that sets a persistent fact tag, and quest conditions read it. That is a story choice, not a chore, so the mod stays out of it.

Tested on The Blood of Dawnwalker, Steam build 25232147 (the 12 September 2026 patch), with UE4SS v1.2.1-rc6. All four hooks resolve and scenes auto-complete on that setup.

Installation instructions

Vortex - install the archive; it carries the full path from the game folder, so it deploys into place on its own.

Manual - extract the archive into your game folder and merge Dawnwalker:

...\The Blood of Dawnwalker\

On Xbox / Game Pass the project folder is Binaries\WinGDK, not Binaries\Win64, so move the AutoQTE folder there afterwards.

You end up with:

Dawnwalker\Binaries\Win64\ue4ss\Mods\AutoQTE\
    enabled.txt
    README.txt
    LICENSE.txt
    Scripts\main.lua
    Scripts\AutoQTE.defaults.ini

No mods.txt entry is needed - the mod loads from its own enabled.txt.

Configuration - settings live in AutoQTE.ini beside main.lua. It is not shipped: create it, and it will survive mod updates, unlike AutoQTE.defaults.ini, which is the reference copy and gets overwritten.

Enabled = true
HidePrompt = true
ToggleKey = F4
DiagnoseKey = F5
BlockAlso =
Verbose = false

Key names are UE4SS names: F4, INS, HOME, NUM_FIVE. Leave a key empty to not bind it. Settings load at startup, so restart the game after editing.

Uninstallation - delete the AutoQTE folder. Nothing else is touched.

Main features

Completes DIS (dialogue interaction scene) prompts automatically
Hides the prompt ring while it works, and restores it afterwards
F4 toggles the mod on and off at any time, even mid-scene. Switch it off and the live prompt comes back for you to play
F5 writes the current scene's state to the log, for reporting a scene that misbehaves
Optional blocklist if you would rather perform certain scenes yourself
Empty blocklist by default - nothing is blocked until you say so

Requirements

UE4SS. Any working install will do.

Compatibility - four native hooks and two keybinds. No .pak, no assets, no mods.txt entry, and it does not touch dwmapi.dll or UE4SS-settings.ini, so it will not fight your UE4SS install or any other package over those files.

It only conflicts with another mod that drives the same DIS prompts. HUD and UI mods are fine; if one of them fades the prompt ring, set HidePrompt = false.

If F4 or F5 are already taken by another mod, AutoQTE says so in the log and does not bind - change ToggleKey in the ini.

Disclaimer and reporting bugs

Save often, and keep more than one save.

AutoQTE finishes a prompt by calling the game's own CompleteCurrentPrompt, so a scene it completes is indistinguishable from one you completed by hand. What it does take away is the choice NOT to press. Quest logic can tell a completed scene from a cancelled one, and a few scene director graphs do more than hand out a prompt, so an auto-completed scene is not always something you can take back.

Use it at your own risk. I can't undo a bugged save or a story outcome you didn't want, and the mod comes with no warranty - see LICENSE.txt.

If something goes wrong, please report it. The most useful report is:

Press F5 while the scene is still on screen. That writes the scene's identity and state to the log.
Set Verbose = true in AutoQTE.ini first, so those lines also land in AutoQTE.log beside main.lua. Otherwise they only reach UE4SS.log.
A save from just before the scene, if you still have one.

The scene identity from F5 is usually enough to find the cause. If a scene misbehaves and you'd rather keep playing, BlockAlso takes a piece of that identity and leaves that scene to you, or F4 turns the mod off entirely.

Shout outs

UE4SS-RE and its contributors, none of this exists without the loader.

Vercadi, for maintaining the Dawnwalker UE4SS package.

Rebel Wolves, for a game whose scene system turned out to be clean enough to hook safely.
